King Yong's words are true
That's what 5 million
Yeah, well done.
Father Emperor
This is King Yong's face to pick it up by family
Rich folk merchants borrowed King Yong's sincere conscience
The hero can be said to be intentional
King Yong is indeed loyal
For His Majesty's Siege Hospital
Don't mention this old face
Even if you kill me, I won't hesitate
Father, listen to what a loyal general this is
Even the sons and daughters are deeply in awe and courage
Truly loyal
But the father
His Royal Highness not only squandered the treasury and talents
He also separated the dangerous official position of the son of King Yong
Isn't this in the cold heart of King Yong?
Although the prince has no way
But King Yong sent the silver beam for the first time
Father Emperor, please stand tall
The third prince means
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince is arrogant and domineering
Ignoring the international face of old ministers and veterans
The son advises that you should avoid the Eastern Palace for a period of time
Care about supervision
Your Majesty has just returned to Beijing after besieging the city for two days
I have heard 11 senior officials
Tearfully accusing the prince of all kinds of disgust
Don't punish the trip of the prince and the impoverished minister?
His Royal Highness also squandered the treasury
This is inhumane
Is it unfilial?
The prince said
He can get 30 million banknotes in one day
King Yong, please take back these silver bills first
When the news of the prince arrives
30 million, the two princes are afraid they are not crazy
You can even spend money on this kind of Haikou
Father Emperor now has the most private wealthy businesspeople
It's only 10,000 taels of silver a day
Earn 30 million taels a day
I'm afraid what His Royal Highness said is not a ghost coin, Father Emperor